The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Yeah. So, so when I,
when I was into my career and just kind of getting, you know,
kind of trying to figure out like what what's next for me, you know, um,
it, it was hard, you know, it was just a hard place because, um, you know,
I really have anybody to talk to.
I didn't really know what I was going to do next in my life, you know?
And then when I started fighting again,
I still was in that place where I just wasn't, you know,
totally back to fighting my mentality because fighting is something mentally
that it takes, it takes a certain mentality for, you know, and for me,
fighting was something that I did to, uh,
exercise some demons a bit, you know, but,
but having some time away from the sport,
it allowed me to figure other ways to exercise. So G-Man demons and, you know,
figure out some things around them. You know,
the things that made me mad and things that were my fuel before I kind of made
peace with them and then making peace with a lot of the things that I was using
for my fuel. It just changed the way I fought in the way I seen fighting.
So coming back to fight, I just wasn't that same fighter anymore.
And then when I got to the point where I was like, man, I can't keep myself.
Like I was like, man, I'm not fighting the way I want to fight. And you know,
there's, I mean, what's the point. If I can't go and compete the way I want to,
I'm only torturing myself. So then I decided to retire. But then when I retired,
I was still was in a space where I was like, man, it's still something missing.
So then when I did the five MEO DMT,
that kind of put things in perspective in a, in a whole different way, you know?
And, and it just, um, it, it changed me. It changed me a lot.
It changed the way that, you know, like I said,
the way I think the way I eat everything, everything about it, you know?
So it was, um, it was so cathartic and so many, so many, uh,
sense that a word, you know, do you think.
We did something like that would be really beneficial for fighters that are in
the Twilight of their career?
I think, I think it could be. I think,
I think every fighter gets to a point where, um,
you fight enough then fighting it, kinda, it kinda,
you kind of get in a weird space about it. And you know,
I seen fighters go through that period where they just kinda like figuring out
that, why, why am I still doing this? You know,
they've had great moments inside the cage,
but then they have those down moments.
And those Dom almost either the moments where it's hard to come back from.
And I think those are the times where you, you know,
a psychedelic or something like that could put things in perspective and,
and allow the fire to see the why behind the reason they're
doing it and maybe create a new why it's.
You know,
like what happens to them if the Corona virus hits and they get locked doors for
six months and you just become a gore phobic and lose your. Well,
we were talking about this the other day,
that most of what this is all happened from the Reagan administration,
during the Reagan administration,
they changed the standards of what it means to be mentally ill.
And they just release people from asylums cause they didn't want to pay for it
all. And you know that look,
if LA is LA is a city of 20 plus
million people, which is as many people in LA,
as I think is in all of Australia. So think about that.
Think about the amount of money and that they can't make a silence here.
Think about how many abandoned buildings there are, how much money,
how much money would it cost is there's currently somewhere in the neighborhood
of 70,000 homeless people.
Some statistic that said there's more empty apartments in this town than.
Homeless people. The thing is though that those folks don't just need a place.
Cause they'll that place up and punch holes in the wall and in there and stuff,
smear it. No, they're crazy. Yeah. They,
what they need is help and they need medication and they need counseling and
they need, I mean, some people I don't, I mean, I'm not a mental health expert.
I don't, some of them, you might not be able to do anything to some, some,
some are so gone, might not. And also they get so filled with despair.
I knew a bunch of guys that were homeless back from my pool hall days.
There was a bunch of guys that would hang around the pool hall.
They would even sleep on the floor. And you know,
I knew guys who tried to sleep in people's couches and sleep at the bus stops.
And then they'd come to the pool all and try to hustle up enough money to get
some drugs. And it was,
they were stuck in this place where they could never get past where they
were. They were just in a rut and they can never get out of it. And it was just,
it's heartbreaking. Yeah. Despair so much despair because just.
What happened. The, for instance, the other day,
I'm walking down, Santa Monica Boulevard over by, um,
Barney's Beanery and I just hear up and I look over and this
kid's like had to be 22, 23 years old.
And I was like, what happened?
And where are your parents? One too many auditions blew a few.
Just snap. If I hear no one more time.
Oh, yay. Dropped him. And he's just out there randomly.
I'll show you Hollywood reporter.
Got,
there are people though that you meet in this town when you meet them early in
their journey and they still have hope, like it's not worked out yet,
but it's gonna, I'm going to make it. And then you run into in comics. Yeah.
Oh, I mean, that's the thing. I think it's so relatable in our field as well,
because none of.
Those people.
So radio Raheem, you just said, uh,
your people have been fighting for 400 years. Okay. First of all,
I'm in the midst of my question. I don't do these things. Uh, uh,
haphazardly. I wear my questions very carefully. Yes.
But in the ears of black America, later in the, later on the story,
you'll find out that your people,
that part of the question became incredibly important and moving people were
very sensitive about that because you said your PR people instead of our
people, but I'm quoting the guy. Okay.
I'm not speaking for him. I'm quoting what he said. He said,
my people have been fighting for 10 years. So if he had said our people,
I would have said our people, but I can't take possession of your quote.
It's not me saying it. Jews saying it, right.
Your people have been fighting for 400 years. What did you mean by that? So,
uh, he laser-focus turns to me he's already at 10.
Like there's no ramp up at this time. And he started shouting my face,
like, uh, your people too, but you know what I'm talking about? He says,
don't try to bait, you know what I'm talking about when I'm saying these things,
when I'm like, well, yeah, I do. Can you tell them, what'd you talking about?
And to get them to explain,
tryna get them to explain to the world what he said to me on
numerous occasions, in different interviews and off camera.
I know exactly what he's talking about.
And I know that this is the moment that he finally gets to talk about it to
people who have never been listening to him before. Right. But
we heard your, it was a trigger for him to, I'm so blessed.
And I even looking back, I'm like, man, how did you miss that? I do.
I swear to God, I didn't know what the was. The problem.
He started seeing shout in your people and I'm like, whoa, whoa.
It took me him. He couldn't, he needed to keep saying it.
I didn't know why he was saying that. Yeah. My people to my people to,
oh, there's a moment. I'm like, oh,
I thought he sounded, oh my goodness. Oh no.
Uh, uh, you know, our people have been fighting for 400 years to this day,
to this day.
And so what I wanted, what I wanted,
what I thought was happening was that, okay,
this moment now has become about him.
Like attacking me because he thinks I'm attacking him. He thinks,
because I do know what he's talking about. He knows we've spoken about it,
but numerous times he thinks I'm pretending not to
know like some, you know, air quotes, uncle Tom, or, you know,
the numerous names I've been called on the internet. Since,
as though I'm trying to pretend like, oh, I don't want 400 years.
Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Fine.
China has behaved now, you know,
they call it socialism with Chinese characteristics.
That's the official name of, of,
of this long drawn game to Institute,
market reforms, usher in, uh, richest for the, for the,
middle-class lift a lot of people out of poverty,
but in a very controlled way. And in the way that's like, see,
that's the thing about like Asian culture.
People understand it's that the there's a fundamental
difference between the China dream and the American dream. Right. And,
and see Jinping is outlined. What he thinks is the China dream. It's, it's,
it's basically a top-down way to, to, uh,
it's a goal to national goal. And,
and basically what they're trying to say is that, okay,
we're going to lift a lot of people out of poverty, but you have to,
your generation has to make sacrifices. So it's not about the individual.
It's about building a strong China and implicitly also about,
uh, you know, ensuring that the CCP stays in power.
The Chinese communist party stays in power,
but it's it's that you might have to give up, you know,
personal sacrifices for the sake of China versus the American dream
is, is bottom up. It's about your right to life,
Liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That's it. And if you do that,
that's the American dream. And if you achieve a certain level of happiness,
if you achieve, you know, it's all like it's bottom up. It's not,
it's not centralized.
And it's not something that the Chinese government is kind of trying to stuff
down your throat. Um, and China's willing to play the long game.
So it is still a Lenise Lenise,
Marxists government, see pink still believes in all of that.
That's why it's also totalitarian, but it's, you know, they,
they know that like the way to get gain power in the world is to get rich.
And they did it on some, you know, on the backs of,
on the backup trade with other countries through very unfair practices,
actually many cases. So if you think about like how the, I think there's,
there are a lot of estimates of how much they've actually stolen from the United
States in terms of intellectual property, um, corporate, corporate espionage,
um, now even like academia is being infected.
So they just arrested the head of the chemistry department at
Harvard.
Oh, that's right. Yeah. But it wasn't that they didn't,
they think that that guy was in connection with some weaponized.
Was that a virus thing? No, no. Ma'am, that's something else.
There was a, an article linking some Canadian researchers to the virus.
No, but this was, this was different.
The head of the chemistry department in Harvard was found to have lied about
receiving money from the Chinese government.
So there's this program called the thousand talents program in China. Basically,
they're offering a lot of money, the New York times that are really good expos,
the youngest, um, they basically offer money to like academic cause you know,
it's kind of sucks to be one here in the sense of like,
you're not paid that well. Right.
But China's dangling like a lot more money and say, okay, if you,
if you do research here in China, um, there's going to be like less bureaucracy.
Um, so that's their way to lure these people in. Right.
So he was hiding the fact that he was come from him, correct.
How was he hiding it? He just, he didn't report it. Oh.
And put it in the bank anyway. Right. And so at the end of the day, when, when,
when you do, when there's a relationship there,
China owned your research and if you're researching something sensitive,
that's a big issue.